{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2482
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Food delivery project\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Candidate: Plotnikov Andrii\
Role: Senior iOS Developer\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	General Description\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	This test project is a candidate's technical task to a senior iOS developer vacancy. Due to the technical description this project is a screen example of a possible production application. The purpose of the application - food delivery service from different restaurants. Before the development process was design-planned big part of the application inside the storyboard with a common user case. Code covers only the first screen of the application - Restaurants screen. There are several main parts of this screen. First of all - city picker. By default on users' first start is fetching a default city, then users can choose a city appropriate for them. For chosen city is fetched restaurants data. All fetched by users' data is written to the application storage. Such a case can be possible f.e. for displaying data for users without internet, or for server cost reduction due to big amounts needed to be read on server. 	Technical Description\
	Programming language is Swift v5. As a main architecture design paradigm is chosen a VIPER based approach. Realm framework is for operating with persistent storage. All project design is made inside a Storyboard with auto layout. All the data is mocked locally and the architecture planned for comfortable work with server and application server logic testing. Adding real server logic is similar to the mocked logic.\
}